Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/data_into_visit/SiloFormat.rst

Inspecting Silo files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Unless it was explicitly *disabled* in the configuration, Silo_ includes a command line utility called *browser* that can be used to textually browse the contents of Silo_ files much like the Linux shell enables browsing a the Linux filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless it was explicitly *disabled* in the configuration, Silo_ includes a command line utility called *browser* that can be used to textually browse the contents of Silo_ files much like the Linux shell enables browsing a the Linux file system.
```

Plotting each of the smaller files individually in VisIt_ is not neccessary when a master file has been generated since plotting the multimesh object from the master file will cause VisIt_ to plot each of its constituent meshes.
The code that will follow shows how to use Silo_'s ``DBPutMultimesh`` function to write out a multimesh object that reassembles meshes from many domain files into a whole mesh.

> The list of meshes or items in a multi-object generally take the form: ``<path>:<item>`` where ``<path>`` is the filesystem path to the Silo_ file containing the object and ``<item>`` is the path of the object in the Silo_ file. The colon character, ``:`` disambiguates these two parts of the object's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of meshes or items in a multi-object generally take the form: ``<path>:<item>`` where ``<path>`` is the file system path to the Silo_ file containing the object and ``<item>`` is the path of the object in the Silo_ file. The colon character, ``:`` disambiguates these two parts of the object's name.
```

> Note that the path may be specified as a relative or absolute path using names valid for the filesystem containing the master file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the path may be specified as a relative or absolute path using names valid for the file system containing the master file.
```

> However, we strongly recommend using only relative paths so the master file does not reference directories that exist only on one filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we strongly recommend using only relative paths so the master file does not reference directories that exist only on one file system.
```

        end

Sometimes it can be advantageous to have each processor write its files to a unique subdirectory (e.g. proc-0, proc-1, proc-2, ...).
You can also choose for each processor to write its files to a common directory so all files for a given timestep are contained in a single place (e.g. cycle0000, cycle0001, cycle0002, ...).

> Generally, you will want to tailor your strategy to the strengths of your filesystem to spread the demands of writing files across as many I/O nodes as possible in order to increase throughput.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, you will want to tailor your strategy to the strengths of your file system to spread the demands of writing files across as many I/O nodes as possible in order to increase throughput.
```

The organization strategies mentioned so far are only suggestions and you will have to determine the optimum method for storing domain files on your computer system.

> Moving your domain files to subdirectories can make it easier to navigate your filesystem and can provide benefits later such as VisIt_ not having to check permissions, etc on so many files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moving your domain files to subdirectories can make it easier to navigate your file system and can provide benefits later such as VisIt_ not having to check permissions, etc on so many files.
```

  DBPutMultimesh(dbfile, "mesh", nmesh, meshnames, meshtypes, NULL);

> For really large scale problems (say more than say 10\ :sup:`5`), explicitly listing the names of constituent domain-level objects comprising a mutli-block object can result in a performance issue. As a result, Silo_ provides an :ref:`printf-style <FormattingNumbers>` mechanism for generating filesystem paths and Silo_ object paths on the fly. This mechanism is known as a *namescheme*. It is a best scalability practice to use Silo_ nameschemes for multiblock objects. For more information, see the Silo_ user's manual regarding `DBMakeNamescheme <https://silo.readthedocs.io/latest/subsets.html#dbmakenamescheme>`__ and the associated optlist options, ``DBOPT_MB_FILE_NS` and ``DBOPT_MB_BLOCK_NS`` for multiblock objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For really large scale problems (say more than say 10\ :sup:`5`), explicitly listing the names of constituent domain-level objects comprising a mutli-block object can result in a performance issue. As a result, Silo_ provides an :ref:`printf-style <FormattingNumbers>` mechanism for generating file system paths and Silo_ object paths on the fly. This mechanism is known as a *namescheme*. It is a best scalability practice to use Silo_ nameschemes for multi-block objects. For more information, see the Silo_ user's manual regarding `DBMakeNamescheme <https://silo.readthedocs.io/latest/subsets.html#dbmakenamescheme>`__ and the associated optlist options, ``DBOPT_MB_FILE_NS` and ``DBOPT_MB_BLOCK_NS`` for multi-block objects.
```
